README.md, before:

compfogl
========
Competitive L4D2 Config


- AWP will spawn in place of the Hunting Rifle.
- While holding the AWP, you will move 10% slower.
- An M16 that is a complete mid-ground between SMG and SUZI is added for variety.
- Up to 3 pills and 1 adrenaline can spawn on the map.
- Machine guns (Including the M16) do 90% damage to tank and are limited to two.
- The tank is ten units faster than the survivors.
- Smokers tongues pull faster and require more precise reaction time to shut down. 
- Smoker drag damage reduced from 3 to 2.
- Smoker choke damage per second increased from 5 to 6.25.
- Smoker tongues are a bit harder to juke behind poles and similar obstacles.
- The pumpshotgun has had it's spread slightly decreased to make it more on par with the chrome shotgun.
- Smokers health increased to 275.
- Dark Carnival 4 "Moustachio" Horde completely removed.
- Infected M2 ghost warp disabled.
- Blocked 3 exploit jumps on Death Toll 3 which allowed survivors to get past the train car choke faster.

Commit message:

Ghost hurt toggle + continuous SI damage.

README.md, after:

compfogl
========
Competitive L4D2 Config


- AWP will spawn in place of the Hunting Rifle.
- While holding the AWP, you will move 10% slower.
- An M16 that is a complete mid-ground between SMG and SUZI is added for variety.
- Up to 3 pills and 1 adrenaline can spawn on the map.
- Machine guns (Including the M16) do 90% damage to tank and are limited to two.
- The tank is ten units faster than the survivors.
- Smokers tongues pull faster and require more precise reaction time to shut down. 
- Smoker drag damage reduced from 3 to 2.
- Smoker choke damage per second increased from 5 to 6.5.
- Smoker tongues are a bit harder to juke behind poles and similar obstacles.
- The pumpshotgun has had it's spread slightly decreased to make it more on par with the chrome shotgun.
- Smokers health increased to 275.
- Dark Carnival 4 "Moustachio" Horde completely removed.
- Infected M2 ghost warp disabled.
- Blocked 3 exploit jumps on Death Toll 3 which allowed survivors to get past the train car choke faster.
- Smokers and hunters now have continuous damage ticks similar to jockeys.
- Infected Ghost Hurt protection is now removed when the round goes live, meaning you can sack spawns while survivors are in saferoom after RUP.
